AI Chatbot Project Setup Guide
Welcome to your AI Chatbot project! This document will guide you through the initial setup steps to get your environment ready.

Project Structure:
Your basic project is structured as follows:

client/: This folder will contain the code for your chatbot's client-side interface.

ai.py: This file is where you'll implement the core AI logic for your chatbot.

server.py: This file will house the server-side code to handle requests and interact with the AI.

.env: This file will store your environment variables, including your API key.

Getting Started:
Follow these steps to set up your development environment:

Create a Virtual Environment:
It's highly recommended to use a virtual environment to manage your project's dependencies. Open your terminal or command prompt in the root directory of this project and run:

python -m venv venv

Activate Your Virtual Environment:

On Windows:

.\venv\Scripts\activate

On macOS/Linux:

source venv/bin/activate

Install Required Packages:
With your virtual environment activated, install all necessary Python packages by running:

pip install -r requirements.txt

Obtain an API Key from OpenRouter:
We will be utilizing the OpenRouter platform for accessing various large language models. You'll need an API key to authenticate your requests.

Visit OpenRouter

Sign up or log in.

Navigate to your API Keys section (usually found in your account settings or dashboard).

Generate a new API key.

Configure Your API Key in .env:
Once you have your API key, open the .env file in your project's root directory and add the following line, replacing YOUR_API_KEY_HERE with the key you obtained from OpenRouter:

API_KEY=YOUR_API_KEY_HERE

For this project, we aim to use any of the freely available models provided by OpenRouter to keep things simple and cost-effective during development.

Goal:
The primary goal of this project is to guide you in creating a functional AI chatbot. You'll learn how to connect your client to a server, integrate with an AI service, and build a conversational agent.

You are now ready to start developing your chatbot!